Capstone Objective:
Create a simple but polished web application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with Figma and Bootstrap (or Tailwind) as supporting technologies.
Requirements:
1- Project Structure, Standardization, and Convention
Project is organized into appropriate files and directories, following best practices.
Project contains an appropriate level of comments.
Project is pushed to GitHub, and contains a README file that documents the project, including an overall description of the project.
Standard naming conventions are used throughout the project.
The program runs without errors (comment out things that do not work, and explain your blockers - you can still receive partial credit).
Level of effort displayed in creativity, presentation, and user experience.
2-Core JavaScript
Demonstrate proper usage of ES6 syntax and tools.
Use functions to adhere to the DRY principle.
Use sound programming logic throughout the application.
Use appropriate exception handling, as necessary.
Use appropriate DOM selectors, event listeners, and other tools to create an interactive user experience.
3-Front-End Development
Use HTML best practices to create the application’s front-end.
Use CSS and Bootstrap or Tailwind to style the application.
Create at least four different views or pages for the application.
Create some form of navigation that is included across the application’s pages.
Use a professional design from the Figma Community, Frontend Mentor, or another reputable resource to inspire your application’s design. 
This does not need to be functional inspiration, just aesthetic inspiration. The goal here is to make your application look polished and professional by basing your UI/UX decisions off of polished, professional designs.
3-Presentation
Create a short overview of your application.
Highlight the use cases of your application.
Highlight the technical functionality of the application from a high-level perspective.
Discuss what you have learned through the development of the application.
Discuss additional features that could be added to the application in the future.
